Added 8 new blog entries. (#190)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _posts/2020-07-24-foxy_release.md

---
title: micro-ROS Foxy Release
author: francesca-finocchiaro
---

We are glad to announce the release of micro-ROS Foxy and its compatibility with ROS 2 Foxy and Fast DDS 2.x.

micro-ROS Foxy supports new hardware platforms in addition to the reference Olimex STM32-E407 evaluation board, namely the Crazyflie 2.1 Drone and ST Discovery IoT kit (B-L475E-IOT01A),
and new Real-Time Operating Systems (RTOSes) in addition to the already supported NuttX, specifically FreeRTOS and Zephyr v2.3.0.

It uses the eProsima middleware Micro XRCE-DDS 1.3.0, fully compatible with the latest version of eProsima Fast DDS 2.0 for ROS 2 Foxy.

micro-ROS Foxy also features the implementation of the RCLC, an additional API that complements the ROS Client Support Library (RCL).
The RCLC library is written in the C language and implements functionalities of the standard ROS 2 RCLCPP layer, adapting them to the capabilities and needs

> of the low-resource devices targeted by micro-ROS. Among them, LET Executors and the Lyfecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the low-resource devices targeted by micro-ROS. Among them, the LET Executor and the Lifecycle.
```

The RCLC Executor provides a C API to manage the execution of subscription and timer callbacks, similar to the RCLCPP Executor.
It is optimized for resource-constrained devices and provides additional features that allow the manual implementation
of deterministic schedules with bounded end-to-end latencies.

> The RCLC Lifecycle package provides convenience functions in C to bundle an RCL node with the ROS 2 Node Lifecycle state machine, similar to th

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RCLC Lifecycle package provides convenience functions in C to bundle an RCL node with the ROS 2 Node Lifecycle state machine, similar to the
```
